---
layout: post
title: Squid Game Season 2
date: 2025-01-06
thumbnail: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/12/27/arts/27squid-recap/27netflix-mobileMasterAt3x.jpg?quality=75&auto=webp&disable=upscale&width=1200
info: TV Show – 👍
---
Squid Game season 2 was quite something. For the life of me, I can't remember any names, but regarding the story, the main dude is trying to stop the games once and for all. This happens three years after the events of the first season. As you can imagine, through some way or another, the games are run again. The main players are more or less interesting: an old woman and her son, a pregnant girl, a trans girl, a dude with purple hair who's called "Thanos," as well as some others that are harder to describe. A *special someone* you might remember from season 1 takes part this time, too. On that note, the games played felt fairly uninspired but still gripping despite that. Honestly, the entire season can be summarized like this: uninspired but gripping. The ending was more like a half-season finale, so I expect a third one. Hopefully, it doesn't take another three years.  <br><br>
  
The cast was good, aside from the overacting, which is apparently typical of Korean cinema. Although "good" is only meant in regard to acting, since seemingly every male actor in that show had a run-in with the law, most of which of sexual nature.  <br><br>
  
All that being said, I liked this season overall and hope for a third one that wraps up loose ends. I don't know if it should go beyond that, though. The entire concept feels like a live-action anime that is reasonably interesting and well-executed and therefore doesn't need to drag on longer than necessary.
