---
layout: post
title: "A day in Ulm"
date: 2025-01-26
thumbnail: https://i.imgur.com/nMaqogy.jpeg 
info: and a lesson on helping people
---
So, my mom, my sister and I went to Ulm, a city that is about 1,75 hours away by train from my town. We went there, since my sister spends her next six months in New Zealand, and to get the following train to the airport, she needed to switch at this train station. Anyway, her connecting trained arrived shortly after we did, and my mom helped my sister put her luggage onto it. What she didn't expect, however, was how fast this train was departing again. So instead of getting off like planned, she took a 45 minute detour with my sister to Stuttgart, the first stop she could get off again. Then my mom had to wait for a train back to arrive, and well, you can imagine the rest. 😭<br>
<br>
During the time she was _busy_ I walked around the city a bit. I can't recall ever being in Ulm, aside from visiting a zoo when I was a child, as well as an Ikea (since it's the closest to where we live). But the city is actually kind of nice. Not as pretty as Nuremberg, but certainly better than Munich and Berlin. At least the old city, which is the part where the city started and the old buildings are. One of which is the Ulm Minster, a huge ass cathedral, with some beautiful stained-glass windows and a really high ceiling.<br>
I also found this old hotel that was built a bit crooked. You can kind of see it in the picture?
<br>
<br>
After that, I went to find some Pokémon cards. My town only has German ones, and since I'm mostly collecting Japanese and English, they are kinda hard to come by. No success in the first store, but the second one was really cool. Like a tiny shop with lots of nerd stuff. I arrived right when it opened, and a couple of people were already waiting. When they went in, they directly went to a table in the corner and started playing MTG.<br>It kinda makes me wish my town had something similar, I think I would fit right in.<br>The shop owner looked really grumpy, but he was a nice, helpful old guy. You could tell he lived for that stuff. But anyway, I succeeded in acquiring some (overpriced) cards!<br>
<br>
Then, I didn't know what else to do, so I went to the Donau ("Danube", huge river), sat on a bench, and watched trains for an hour.
Afterward, I went back to the train station to pick up my mom from her little field trip, we walked around a bit more and got something to eat. My mom then went on a shopping spree for about an hour, while I stood in front of the stores awkwardly watching the people passing by.<br>
Finally, we made our way back again to the train station and got home. Of course with a delay, brought to you by Deutsche Bahn™.
<br><br>
Back home I just showered, ate and fell right into bed.<br>
The next day I opened the cards I got and actually managed to pull something good! I'm not sure why, but for some reason this particular Gastly card goes for 35-45€!<br>
<br>
<small> _Clicking on the images opens the album with high resolution pictures._ 😁</small>

<blockquote class="imgur-embed-pub" lang="en" data-id="a/4laBW0c"  ><a href="//imgur.com/a/4laBW0c"></a></blockquote><script async src="//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
